# Graphics Project Clownfish
This project consists of a sphere and assemblies of rigid 3D parts – three anemones and three clownfish – located on a ground plane at z = 0, indicated with a grid plane. The anemone’s tentacles sway and the fish’s fins flap. One viewport is displayed onscreen, featuring a perspective camera with a 30 degree field of view. The canvas size automatically adjusts when the browser is resized. There are several components that the user can interact with. The arrow keys will move the camera without rotating it. The up and down arrow keys move the camera forwards and backwards respectively in the gaze direction. The right and left arrow keys “strafe” the camera right and left respectively at the current height. The W, A, S, and D keys will aim the camera to look up, left, down, and right respectively without moving the camera. The M key will change the material of the sphere. Clicking the "Show/Hide Grid" button will show or hide the ground plane grid. The "Gouraud/Phong Shading" button will switch between Gouraud and Phong shading. The "Light Switch" button will switch the lighting in the scene on or off. The "Blinn-Phong/Phong Lighting" button will switch between Blinn-Phong and Phong lighting. Input boxes are provided on the screen to allow users to enter x, y, and z coordinates for the light source, as well as custom RGB values for the ambient, diffuse, and specular lighting. Upon entering the desired values, clicking the respective submit buttons will display the results onscreen.
